Hey.
You're not talking about the trash in the trash, are you?
This young master doesn't even want to take a look
Lan Lan, let me take you home first
Wait for my aunt to wait. Okay.
With this life-saving grace
It's only a matter of time before we take you down
Xu Wenjie, I really want to thank you.
Why did you just come?
By the way, I told you that grandpa is not in good health
We can't tell grandpa about our divorce
Can this be hidden?
You don't need to worry.
I will find a chance to tell my grandfather in person
Go as you please
This trash is really big
Let so many of our elders wait for him alone
Really take yourself seriously
Grandpa has been waiting for a long time.
Xiao Xu, come and sit next to grandpa for a while
Let's have a good drink, come, come
OK
Ah, is this old man confused?
Why are you so close to this Xu Wenjie?
Who knows?
I wish the old man a blessing like the East China Sea
Shoubinan Mountain
These are my gifts to the old man
I heard that the old man likes to drink
This is from a camel soup base in France.
Value 3 million
Mom, look at this Ke Shao 3 million wine
Unlike some people
I'm afraid I can't get a drink of 3,000 yuan
This top emerald
Value 5 million
Of course, the most precious is this
There are only 5 in the world
The living dead in bone soup
Dragon heart grass
Is it a great honor for my Gao family that Ke Shao can come?
Oh, and you carry so many expensive gifts.
Really thoughtful
Like you trash
It's better to come empty-handed on such an occasion
Then I'll take a look at what kind of crap it's all about
These things
Not at the table?